# Food-Ordering

Food ordering service is connection link between clients and restaurant . In order to order some foods, client
communicates with food ordering services and post generated orders. Food ordering service receives orders requests
from clients and post order to dedicated restaurant.
Food ordering main work unit is Orders Manager it implements communication between restaurant and clients in
process of food ordering. Order Manager handles orders requests generated by clients and send received orders to
dedicated restaurants .
One of the important feature of food ordering service is aggregation of data from all restaurants and clients.

Food ordering service, plays role of data aggregator. All restaurants have to register in Food ordering service and store
multiple restaurants menu in order to provide each restaurant menu to client .
Food ordering service should be able to handle registration of new restaurant at any time of of the simulation. Also Food
ordering service should be able to handle cases when some restaurant will fail and will not be able to prepare more orders or
will totally shutdown.

Food ordering service workflow:

1. receives client orders and send that orders to dedicated restaurants
2. aggregates response from all restaurants into single response
3. sends that response back to client .
4. receives client order ratings and propagate ratings to the restaurants
5. calculates simulation average rating based on restaurants average rating


## Running the App
To run the App, run in terminal the following command:<br />


`go run .`


## Running in Docker container
1. To run the app in a docker container, first build the image:<br />

`docker build -t food-ordering .`

2. Then run the container using the created image:<br />

`docker run --name food-ordering --network restaurant -it --rm  -p 8084:8084 food-ordering`

For this you firstly need a created docker network. To create a docker network run:

`docker network create restaurant`

3. To stop the running container:

`docker stop {docker's id}`

